yes a Tron Gaming Mouse this is from
Razer so this isn't gonna be some cheesy
thing that you know just throwing the
Tron branding at something in order to
sell a few Razer makes quality gaming
stuff so we can expect this to be a
really cool and be like really cool in
terms of functionality as well so this
is designed by Razer good stop for
gamers by gamers it has like a Tron
style style to it let's have a look at
what it has to say for itself unique
Tron light and sound features really
sound effects straight from the movie
let the mouse react to your actions on
the game grid with authentic light
alerts okay cool cool 5600 DPI Razer
precision 3.5 deleseur sensor so that
uses a quality Razer sensor it has an
ambidextrous design something razors
really been all about for a lot of years
they've released a lot of ambidextrous
mice alright we've got light trail
precision precision fluo trace oh okay
that's French awesome okay so the actual
technical specifications light and sound
effects that startup and shutdown
lighting alerts ambidextrous signs seven
hyper response buttons so we'll have a
look at those in a minute
1000 Hertz ultra poling so that's one
millisecond response and abraded
seven-foot USB cable see what it has to
say for itself on the back same thing
was I guess there's only so much you can
say about a mouse so why don't we get it
open and have a look at it and I'll give
you guys sort of what my impressions of
this particular gaming product I mean if
there actually is there a Tron game that
this is launching along with or is it
just mostly to do with the Tron Legacy
movie I actually don't know I'm not even
sure who I'm asking because cameraman
won't talk so alright Razer is so good
at packaging love the way they do their
packaging they've got kind of a glossy
dots and hexagons thing going on here
with a matte black finish any package
with matte black on it is always awesome
pretty much oh yeah you got like the
Tron thing going on on the side
the box as well so you pull that off
come on these guys are like packaging
masters look at this I can't figure out
how to get it out but oh there we go
look at that so that's pretty cool it's
like a plastic cover of like a smoked
it's a smoked plexi cover thing that
goes on top of it's got your Disney Tron
Legacy oh you can't die just die - no
camera net can you tell he shrugs ok
well hopefully I didn't Tron Legacy
hopefully you can actually see that now
there you go that's what it looks like
all right welcome to the cult of razor
I do feel welcomed by that little saying
there okay let's pull this up - we have
in terms of accessories so I'm
accustomed to seeing these this is
probably going to contain a guide to
razors other products as well as an
instruction manual and a couple of
stickers just a wild swing in the dark
there's the stickers light trail
precision congratulations there's no
turning down okay
Tron gating most kickstart guide so
probably includes things like plug the
USB thing into the other USB thing Tron
Gaming Mouse master guide okay how to
configure the software all that good
stuff you're probably gonna want to
stick with the master guide on this one
I'm thinking on the fly sensitivity
adjustments lighting a lot of gaming
mouse features for like a branded
product love that love it when guys do
this kind of thing properly I mean if
someone released the Pirates of the
Caribbean Mouse or something like that I
bet you'd be surprised if it was good
quality so I mean forgive me for also
being surprised to see like a Tron Mouse
that's really like done well they took
the right company to partner up with in
Razer that's for sure
so the most is quite small that's the
first thing I noticed about it as I take
it out of the out of the packaging there
and that is pretty typical for raisers
gaming mice they tend to prefer like a
claw grip and a small overall shape so
even with my small hands it's not
oversized by any stretch of the
imagination okay so we've got our scroll
wheel here left and right mouse buttons
on this side and then on both sides we
have what I would normally call I love
the finish on this thing look at that
that's cool can you see that okay yeah
you can that's good so you've got back
and forward buttons on both sides of the
mouse so a lot of the time you see
ambidextrous and that's in finger quotes
mice but they only have thumb buttons on
the one side so this one whether you're
holding it in your left or your right
hand you will have full access to both
sets of thumb buttons so that's a pretty
cool feature for the left-handed gamers
out there on the bottom you find their
laser sensor as well as what I like to
call slippy pads we've got a Disney logo
invisible laser radiation do not view
directly with optical instruments okay
that's good stuff to know and then on
the back we find just sort of more
glossy finish more overall cool look to
the mouse you know what we should do
though here pause that first I can bring
you plug it in okay so I'm about to plug
it in this is pretty cool guys get set
for this okay area
is that sweet or what so you've got
glowing sides to the mousewheel and then
you've also got these two glowing bars
here it's a great aesthetic on this
Mouse love it so don't forget to check
out my video blog for more unboxings
reviews other good stuff and don't
forget to subscribe hit the subscribe
button now to Linus tech tips